hello everyone air show here and today
i'm going to be showing off some of the
best creations I've seen this week on
project spark I'm going to be talking
just about creation set we're not going
to be talking adventures just scenes
just demos of what you can create with
the engine of projects far without any
further ado let's kick off so the first
adventure or scene sorry I've got here
is the Alpine cable car this is sort of
a a demo of what you can create with
Baroness and an empty sort of feeling
you could really create something feels
devoid of life and devoid of any sort of
existence now this would be really cool
in doing adventure maps you know you go
you can change around different
environments you go into different areas
or the whole thing could be based here
in such a a void area I mean on this one
we can see the trees don't quite fit you
feel they should be kept in snow or
dying but that currently isn't in the
game so going on current limitations I
think it's pretty awesome also on this
thing we've sort of got a tech demo for
what you can do for a cable car which
obviously isn't just a cable car this is
a moving object that that looks like
something in real world so we've got a
few props here building the car gliding
along a rope in the air it's not perfect
but I don't think at the moment while
room BTW you'll ever get perfect so is
pretty close to it I've jumped down now
to take a look at the area itself and
again as we saw from above it's very
barren and void of any kind of life or
or anything really it's just barren and
void that is really good for that kind
of environment I just shows you can
create sort of anything as we'll see
later on in the upper creations got a
waterfall there some water and swimming
off into the sunset as we move on to the
next one this one is a beanstalk idea
and I've spent this one up quite a bit
actually to fit it all in because it's a
big map the premise of this map is sort
of you got a big Beanstalk and you got
to go and kill the giant at the top so a
bit different there's actually an object
behind
and it's not just a scene or a demo it's
it's actually something but we can use
it to look at kind of how big and
complex you can create something with
all the different props and and just the
other general idea of them you've got a
house there on like a branch of a tree
with a lost sheep ranch that's prop the
ground the tree here is actually made
from standard ground you know that
you've built up and then he's obviously
painted in this terrain which fits
brilliantly for what he's actually built
it up here I got a bit annoyed aptly
because I fell off so I've spread the
video I've even quicker now to try and
get the top so that I can actually
finish the level you know it's no fun
not finishing the level I what I really
like about this one is just the
complexity and it really does fit it's
not perfect again I don't feel we're
going to see perfect in the beta there's
no branch texture or there's no ability
to create your own texture which is
really unfortunate because it would be
really cool to see like a branch texture
mixed in that kind of thing it would
have been even more awesome and it would
have added as well as maybe of branches
smaller branches made of Earth with
these textures that would have been
awesome but going on current limitations
that's what we can do there's two giant
himself and he's just falling off
absolutely perfect so I'd take a look
around at the top it's quite nice and I
follow him down obviously there's no
fall damage so I can just follow him
wherever he goes having a look there is
a bit of a rock and some flowers on the
site that was really well done and if it
really does have a feeling of bigoted us
because of how massive the world is and
how tall it is which is really awesome
and the Panthers buildings on the way
it's lovely I really like this map and
would recommend going and having a look
and the final map this has got to be my
favorite by far not seeing the other
ones aren't good but this one blows them
out the water in its serene us this is
the blossom garden and this map is it's
not it's not an adventure if there's no
objective in it absolutely there's no
demo nothing this is just a scene this
is just to show you that if you spend
time
and try really hard you can create
something beautiful on this game I mean
that everything is placed perfectly and
it just fits also if you're going to
have a look at it yourself the audio is
really well done you've got the birds
singing you've got the sound of the
waterfall there isn't really much bad
there you've got the it's just
beautifully done the filter on the image
itself is perfect although everything's
just been placed with such force and
understanding to what makes beautiful
scene few issues around the edge of the
water there where where perhaps it
shouldn't of being grass under water and
we've got a bit of an issue with this
bridge I mean that's not really how
ridges work but that's not the creator's
problem that is in fact the developer
and we can put that down to the game
being a beta I think this map just
really shows what you can do with
project spark and how beautiful the
world we can create our in project spark
it's just amazing I really recommend
going on to this map and just checking
it out listening to the sounds or maybe
even editing it yourself and adding on a
story or adding extra to make it look
even better than it already is it's just
amazing here we see the waterfall we've
got the sound and so of the waterfall
doesn't look great again that will go in
development I just think the Boston
Garden is a beautiful example of what
projects Bach can be and what people can
create so that's it for this week
there's only free this week because
there isn't that many creations at the
moment in project spot but I'm hoping
I'm hoping that you guys are gonna
change that and you're going to bring
more for me to look at the others still
account for us all to explore because
it's an incredible game and it holds so
much potential and the developers are
really putting it in to bring back
something amazing and so I hope you've
enjoyed seeing these creations I hope
you go and check them out yourself
especially the blossom gardens but if
they're all awesome go and check out the
cable car see what you can do them and
we can add a quest where you need to use
the cable car that'd be pretty awesome I
just think it'd be amazing to see what
you can do with these maps and if you've
got anything
you've made anything yourself maybe not
in the last six seven days but you still
want me to have a look at it and maybe
put it into next week's video give me a
message or go and visit me on the forum
post they'll be a link below and next
week I'll be doing a top Adventures of
the week this maybe 3 5 or even 10
adventures depending on how many there
are so if you've got any entries for
next week's top 10 top five or top three
send them to the forum post below which
will be a different forum posed for the
adventures or message in to me on
youtube member to send me the name of
the map or any tags relating to it so
that I can find it put a tag mass air
show or something like that so i can
find it really easily on the community
that will make it a lot easier for all
of us ok thank you for watching this
week sorry about the long out true but i
felt a lot of it needs to be said
remember keep creating and i'll see you
all next time